We have now completed all the lessons in this course.
We began by discussing AWS regions and
availability zones and how they are core to AWS resiliency.
We built VPCs and networks and looked at some of
the options we have for connectivity within AWS.
Then we studied AWS application service redundancy.
We learned which types of AWS services offer what levels of
redundancy and how much effort it takes to achieve those levels of redundancy.
We created multi AZ and multi-region data stores and worked through fail-over scenarios.
Next, we examined business objectives and
thought about how to interface with other functions of our business,
as well as what key metrics are for both non-technical colleagues as well as customers.
We created SLAs, estimated outage timelines,
and planned how to handle them.
Lastly, after gaining knowledge about how to keep our platforms up and running,
we worked on what to do when those platforms fail,
how to prepare for it,
and how to react to it.
This toolkit provides the foundation you need to build resilient cloud applications.
You are now ready to start architecting your own highly available solutions in the cloud.